User Service Privacy Policy


309658237541l


January, 2019





QR code Reader (hereinafter referred to as "we") knows the importance of personal information to you and will do its utmost to protect your personal information security. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, abiding by the following principles and protecting your personal information: the principle of consistency of power and responsibility, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice and consent, the principle of minimum adequacy, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will take corresponding security measures to protect your personal information according to the mature safety standards of the industry.



Please read and understand this Privacy Policy carefully before using our products (or services).





How do we collect and use your personal information



No registration and login, no personal information collection.





2. How do we use Cookie and similar technologies



(1) Cookie



To ensure that the site works properly, we will store a small data file called Cookie on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and numbers and characters. With the help of Cookie, the website can store data such as your preferences or goods in the shopping basket.



We will not use Cookie for any purpose other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can remove all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have the ability to block cookies. But if you do, you need to change user settings every time you visit our website. For more information on how to change browser settings, visit the following links: <Internet Explorer>, <Google Chrome>, <Mozilla Firefox>, <Safari> and <Opera>.



(2) Website beacons and pixel labels



In addition to Cookie, we will also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel labels on our websites. For example, the e-mail we send you may contain a click URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on this link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. Website beacons are usually transparent images embedded in websites or e-mails. With the help of the pixel tags in the e-mail, we can know whether the e-mail is opened or not. If you don't want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can always unsubscribe from our mailing list.



(3) Do Not Track



Many web browsers have the Do Not Track function, which can publish Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, major Internet Standards Organizations have not set up relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser enabled Do Not Track, then all of our websites will respect your choice.





How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information?



(1) Sharing



We will not share your personal information with any other company, organization or individual except the following:



1. Sharing with explicit consent: With your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.



2. We may share your personal information with the outside world in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of the competent government departments.



3. Share with our affiliates: Your personal information may be shared with our affiliates. We will only share the necessary personal information and be bound by the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of personal information processing, it will ask for your authorization consent again.



4. Sharing with Authorized Partners: Some of our services will be provided by Authorized Partners only for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. We may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, companies we hire to provide third-party data statistics and analysis services may need to collect and access personal data for data statistics and analysis. In this case, these companies must comply with our data privacy and security requirements. We will only share your personal information for legitimate, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and only share the personal information necessary to provide services.



For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.



(2) Transfer



We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual except in the following cases:



1. Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;



2. When it comes to mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation, if it involves the transfer of personal information, we will require new companies and organizations holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will ask the company and organizations to seek authorization consent from you again.



(3) Public disclosure



We will publicly disclose your personal information only in the following circumstances:



1. After obtaining your explicit consent;



2. Disclosure Based on Law: In the case of law, legal procedure, lawsuit or mandatory requirements of government authorities, we may publicly cover up.